Update build.md (#18821)
expo/expo: docs/pages/development/build.md

- Setting `developmentClient` to `true` will create a Debug build, which allows the `expo-dev-client` library to allow you to choose the update to load in your app and provide tools to help you develop.
- Setting `distribution` to "internal" will make a build ready for [internal distribution](/build/internal-distribution).

> iOS builds with a developmentClient should always be distributed as "internal". If you set `distribution` to "store" Apple will reject the build with "ITMS-90338: Non-public API usage"

Reviewer: I think, instead of just targetting iOS builds (and I've read the original issue you posted to get the context), I'm suggesting a change for both TestFlight and Google Play Beta.

 ```suggestion
With `developmentClient` set to `true`, setting the `distribution` to "internal" allows releasing the app for TestFlight and Google Play Beta.
```

@kbrandwijk, can you please take a look if this information is worth adding to docs and is accurate?

Reviewer 2: I think the point here is that you shouldn't be uploading dev-client builds to Apple. I also believe that you need distribution: 'store' to upload to TF, so this rewrite seems incorrect.

> iOS builds with a developmentClient should always be distributed as "internal". If you set `distribution` to "store" Apple will reject the build with "ITMS-90338: Non-public API usage"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> iOS builds with a `developmentClient` should always be distributed as "internal". If you are distributing for TestFlight, you have to set the `distribution` to "store".
```

@kbrandwijk, does this sounds good to convey the distinction for TestFlight?
